hey guys it's Wendy and you're probably
wondering why I'm here today half naked
on my channel and there are two reasons
for this
the first reason being that I'm about to
review for you guys some really sexy
summer swimwear and the second reason
being that my really good friends on
here Jessica Lee actually double dared
me to get on here in the actual swimsuit
to do the reviews so what now Jessica
for this video it's actually going to be
the first in a series that I'm starting
this spring and it's going to be summer
must-haves and in it I'm going to
include things that I think are absolute
must-haves for this summer 2011 and it's
gonna include fashion pieces handbags
cosmetics and obviously swimwear and I'm
just gonna tell you in my own personal
opinion what I really think is trending
for this summer and what you absolutely
need to have so today I'm going to be
showing you guys what's really trending
as far as swimwear for summer 2011 there
are a couple things that are trending
right now is first swimwear I think that
the biggest thing is really just very
feminine bikinis I think that this trend
follows over into the fashion world just
really girly feminine sort of romantic
looking pieces are very in for this
summer 2011 lace embellishments russki
crystals ruffles ribbons and bows
everything you can think of and nobody
makes swimwear that reflects this more
than set of baby swimwear and so I was
very very honored and excited to be able
to work with Cynthia from Santa Baby
swimwear he is sort of a bikini maker to
the Stars if you go on her website
you'll see pictures of her with Denise
Richards with the Real Housewives of OC
it's amazing you guys know that I'm
obsessed with Bravo reality TV I'm
Tamara has some of the bathing suits I
know that Lynne has one Alexis has one
of the hair pieces I just think it's
really really awesome that Santa Baby is
working with these people one of the
bikinis that I'm showing you today is
actually really similar to the one that
Denise Richards wore in her reality show
it's complicated and it was made by
Cynthia for her one of the really neat
things about Sena baby is that all of
the bikinis are hand made so it's not
going to be one of those things where
your bikini shows up in the mail and
there's like
stitching this lube or it has some kind
of manufacturer defect they are all made
with love one by one in sunny Southern
California so I think that that's really
really neat so now I'm going to show you
guys the two bikinis that Cynthia sent
to me up close I didn't want to show
them to you up close like on my body
because I felt like that might be kind
of awkward
so the first bikini that she sent me is
from her truly enchanted collection and
it is a lace embellished bikini both of
the bikinis that I chose are lace
embellished the biggest summer must have
as far as swimwear I have a bunch of
lace bikinis and I think you're going to
see a lot of them this summer I
definitely think that a lace bikini is a
must-have and so this is the top to the
truly enchanted bikini and is a floral
bikini as you can see floral is another
big trend this season you're seeing it
in fashion as well as swimwear this one
has really gorgeous pink roses on a sort
of light sky-blue background which I
think that these colors just really
complement each other I love them you
can also see that it has the lace trend
that has the pink lace that runs all the
way down it's also embellished with
Swarovski crystals and they are pink so
cute and then it has little pink bows at
the top just lots of Grilli feminine
details which is really really on trend
for this summer and this top isn't a
medium it's made out of this absolutely
gorgeous silky material I can't even
tell you how comfortable these bikinis
are they literally feel like silk on the
body I love them but again just really
really on-trend very feminine very girly
I love the lace embellishments gorgeous
and these are the bottoms again a floral
pattern you have the lace embellishments
at the top a little bow more Swarovski
crystals Sena babies bikinis they just
have so many cute little girly details I
love them it's a Thai side bikini and
now let me show you guys the back and
the back is sort of like a sweetheart
cut it has the seam that runs down and
then it's sort of puckers there at the
middle and this is a really flattering
cut for the back of a bathing suit
whether you have a small bootie at
larger bootie it just really makes you
look more rounded out and so super cute
another huge trend for this summer 2011
is neons and brights you can see this in
the cosmetics world the fashion world
and it definitely carries over into
swimwear which is why I chose this
really awesome neon hot pink and orange
bathing suit this is from her tuxedo cat
collection Santa Baby has a number of
collections and I really loved this one
as you can see it's again just a
triangle bikini let me show you the cup
up close so the fabric is hot pink and
the lace is a neon orange and then it
has again little Swarovski crystals and
this time they are a really cute light
green almost like a peridot birthstone
so super cute I'll show you guys the
bottoms for the tuxedo cat you can see
again hot pink with the neon orange lace
very flattering it also again has these
rossi crystals and a little bow and it's
a tie side and then the back again you
have the sort of puckering very very
cute and both of them are made out of
the same material it's a very soft silky
material and very delicate so you do
have to wash this in a baby bikinis by
hand so she sent me some fabric hair
wash and a little pouch which I thought
was really really cute and they all come
with this little card and the card has
her website on it Cinna baby calm I'm a
really huge sucker for packaging I loved
that everything has her barking I love
it I love it's in a baby somewhere I
think that all of the details that she
puts into her packaging into her
swimsuits are amazing I'm a huge sucker
for packaging but that everything came
in these cute little hot pink gauze
baggies I love that all the bathing
suits had these really adorable tags
that have pink bow and that she included
the fabric hair wash I love little
touches like that I think it's really
neat that she hand makes all the bathing
suits they are wonderfully made like I
don't see any kind of mistakes there's
no loose stitching nothing they're
absolutely perfect and like I said they
are so so comfortable so I'm going to
include some pictures at the end of the
bikinis on my body so that you can sort
of get a feel for what they look like on
Cynthia was also sweet enough to offer
you guys a discount code for 30% off and
I'll put the discount code down below
and that is good on her website until
the end of May
so get on there and purchase your lace
bikinis do you guys enjoy this summer
must-have video I will include some more
info down in description bar and stay
tuned for more in the summer must-have
series
bye guys
you